I mean, the Toban, you know, used to shoot televisions. They used to, you know,
blow up, uh, VCR, um, you know, videotapes. Um,
they used to string audio and videocassette from trees and kind of
ceremonial hangings, right. That were,
we're killing this nefarious in infantile technology that is doing the work of
Satan. And yet today in PLA I mean,
one of the keys to the top on success is that they got really good at using
media.
I mean, brilliant at using, uh, written word, the spoken word music, actually.
Um, and you know, Hollywood,
Hollywood is the gold standard and these guys have studied. You create drama,
how to speak to modern users. I mean, Islamic state did this. I mean the,
the role of media, new media, I mean,
I am I follow and I am followed by senior Toban leaders, which is,
you know, bizarre, you know, on Twitter, on they, on Twitter.
I don't know why they care about me. I am. I'm nothing. Uh, they, they follow,
they follow you on Twitter. I don't know why this is no joke. This is no joke.
So it's, they're part of our modern world. It's how they talk.
And it's how they recruit. And this is part of the, this is why they are,
you know, so, so Ben Laden, if you bin Laden, he, he speaks multiple languages.
I would say it's, uh, it's environmentalism. You know,
the west is bad because we destroyed the planet.
The west is bad because we abuse women. So in, in class, you know,
uh, especially, you know,
female students are very surprised to learn and actually say, you know, this,
this feminist argument is not, you know, we start with,
you know, this is a murder. This is a person who has taken human life,
innocent life over and over again. And he is a, um, you know,
aspirationally genocidal, but let's try to understand what he's about.
So we walk through the texts, read them,
and people are shocked to learn that it's not just about,
you know, quotations in Theran strung together in some irrational fashion.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> he knows. Um, I mean, at the core,
I'd say is the problem of human suffering. And he has a geography of that.
That is mostly Muslim, but he talks about the suffering of cashmere, right.
So if you have a student in your class,
who's from south Asia who knows about Kashmere, you know, he, or she will say,
that's not entirely inaccurate, you know? Yeah.